Hello. I am working on programming language. Here let us suppose there exists a function with input, output and read/write to memory. Then, let us define an algebra on this. The set contains functions: A, B, C, .... Equality is defined as if in_A, mem_startA is the same as in_B and mem_startB, and execute A or B gives the same output, hence out_A = out_B and mem_endA is the same as mem_endB. Then, we say A = B. We define an operator multiplication where AB means execute A, B in order. The input is provided accordingly. Then, it is easy to find that the associativity exists A(BC) = (AB)C. Now, we focus on a property AB = BA, hence, community. Most of time, this doesn't hold. But, we introduce a new thing called sequence relation. For example, A --> B, and it means in whatever cases, A must execute before B. Moreover, the output of A is the same as input of B. Hence, in AB (with array from A to B on top), we just provide input of A and compare output of B. Let us then think about the case, where AC != CA and BC != CB, however, A --> B and ABC = ACB. This means BC commutes when A is executed first. I am thinking about this in that way. Let us build a graph with nodes as functions: A, B, C. We create directed edge for sequence relation (called S edge). Here from A to B. We create conflict (or NOT-COMMUTE) undirected edge for AC and BC since they don't commute. We find that it is worth to dig out the case where AC and BC conflict edge actually does not exist at the same time in any input/memory stage. Hence, it is not possible to see two conflict edges at the same time if AB are connected by Sequence. Please give me some advise on this project, we want to use math to describe this case, and find a theory behind so that we can simplify the math equation on describing them and implement finally. Could you find any literuture on this communitivity stuff or on side effects of functions, or graph theory of describing two edges cannot coexist?